chore: support importing/exporting uploads folder (#122)
sparkbox/sparkpress-wordpress-starter: README.md

```sh
# import a DB from the `sync/sql` folder
npm run import:db

# import images/files into your uploads folder from a zip file in `sync/uploads`
npm run import:uploads

# run both a DB import and an uploads import at once
npm run import

# export your DB
npm run export:db

# export your DB with a custom name
npm run export:db validation-data

# export your uploads folder as a zip file
npm run export:uploads

# export your uploads with a custom name
npm run export:uploads validation-uploads

# run both a DB export and an uploads export at once
npm run export

# run DB/uploads exports with a custom name
npm run export validation

# backup your DB in case you need to restore it later
npm run backup:db

# backup your DB with a custom name
npm run backup:db work-in-progress-data

# backup your uploads folder in case you need to restore it later
npm run backup:uploads

# backup your uploads folder with a custom name
npm run backup:uploads work-in-progress-uploads

# run both a DB backup and an uploads backup at once
npm run backup

# run DB/uploads backups with a custom name
npm run export work-in-progress
```

#### Importing Databases

> You can import databases from production, a saved backup, or another developer's DB export with the `import:db` script. To use it, put a `*.sql.gz` file in a top-level `sync/sql` folder in the repo and run `npm run import:db`. This will first back up your existing database in case you need to revert back to it, and then it will import the database from the given file, effectively replacing your database with a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import databases from production, a saved backup, or another developer's DB export with the `import:db` script. To use it, put a `*.sql.gz` file in directly inside of a `sync/sql` folder in the repo and run `npm run import:db`. This will first back up your existing database to `sync/sql/backups` in case you need to revert back to it, and then it will import the database from the given file, effectively replacing your database with a new one. The imported sql script with then be moved to `sync/sql/previous-imports`.
```

#### Exporting Databases

You can export your database for another developer to import or to import to a staging environment by running `npm run export:db`. By default, this will create a timestamped and gzipped file in `sync/sql/exports`, but you can specify a name by running `npm run export:db <your-db-name-here>`. The exported file will still be timestamped, but it will use the name you give it instead of the default prefix.

#### Backing Up Databases

This will happen automatically when you import a database, but if you want to manually backup your database, you can run `npm run backup:db`. This functions nearly identically to the `export:db` script, except for using a different prefix and putting the file in `sync/sql/backups`. As with `export:db`, you can specify a name for your DB backup if you want.

#### Importing Uploads

> You can import a zipped copy of the `uploads` folder from another environment, saved backup, or another developer's export with the `import:uploads` script. To use it, put a `*.tar.gz` file in a top-level `sync/uploads` folder in the repo and run `npm run import:uploads`. This will first back up your current `uploads` folder in case you need those files back, and then it will replace your `uploads` folder with the contents of the zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import a zipped copy of the `uploads` folder from another environment, saved backup, or another developer's export with the `import:uploads` script. To use it, put a `*.tar.gz` file in a top-level `sync/uploads` folder in the repo and run `npm run import:uploads`. This will first back up your current `uploads` folder to `sync/uploads/backups`, and then it will replace your `uploads` folder with the contents of the zip file. The imported .tar.gz` file will then be moved to `sync/uploads/previous-imports`.
```
